Adding requestIdFactory option (#40)
puzpuzpuz/cls-rtracer: README.md

  // Request header name, case insensitive (default: 'X-Request-Id').
  // Used if useHeader is set to true.
  headerName: 'X-Request-Id',

>   // Optionally choose a custom function to generate your request ids, defaults to UUIDs v1

Reviewer: ```suggestion:+1
  // A custom function to generate your request ids. Defaults to UUID v1.
  // Ignored if useHeader is set to true.
```
